So now that we know
what exactly GitHub Actions is or are,
it's almost time to dive into GitHub Actions
and the core building blocks that make up GitHub Actions.
But before we do that, I wanna make sure
that you get the most out of this course.
And this course,
as mentioned before will teach you GitHub Actions
from the ground up step by step,
and we're gradually going
to dive deeper throughout the course.
Now this course is of course a video based course
with video based explanations and therefore
in order to get the most out of the course,
you should watch those videos,
but you should of course watch them at your pace.
Use these video controls to speed me up
if I'm going too slow or slow me down if I'm going too fast.
Also feel free to skip videos or jump around
but I do actually recommend
that you do watch all the videos in the provided order
since I did order them such
that they build up on each other
and the different concepts taught
in those videos built up on each other.
But if you are a more experienced user
or if you learned about GitHub Actions
in the past and you just wanna refresh your knowledge
you can definitely also use that curriculum to jump
to exactly that section
or those videos that are most interesting to you.
And speaking of jumping around
and watching videos at your pace,
of course feel free to watch the same video multiple times.
Sometimes a certain explanation only clicks
after the third time
and sometimes you might want to repeat a certain example
or explanation to make sure that you fully understand it.
And kind of related to that,
you should also try to practice what you learned
and experiment with that knowledge you gain in this course.
Throughout this course, we're going to see many examples
and I can only recommend and suggest
that you do pause the videos from time to time
and you practice what you learned on your own.
Try to implement a certain solution
before we do it together in the course
and also do it without me prompting you to do it.
Instead, use the knowledge you gain in this course
and in this videos to then experiment
with that knowledge and practice on your own.
Build up on the examples provided in this course
and feel free to experiment with them.
Change some aspects of those examples
and see how the result changes.
And of course,
all to build your own demo projects and Workflow examples
because that's how you're going to learn the most.
Watching the videos is fine
and nice and will give you that basic knowledge,
but you must practice on your own
and use that knowledge in your own projects
to then really fully understand all the features related
to GitHub Actions.
Now, when taking an online course,
it can sometimes feel lonely,
and therefore I can also only recommend that you
try to learn and grow together with other students.
That begins here in the course Q and A section
where you can help each other
and which you should not just use to ask for help
but which you should also use to help others
because that's how you're going to learn even more.
But it continues with our free community
to which you find a link in the first course section,
which you can join for free.
It's Discord based.
And in that community you can of course
also discuss problems or solutions with other students
and therefore all the leverage
the advantages of a group-based education or course.